# Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 18, 2023

At imalexbfs, accessible from https://imalexbfs.ml, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by imalexbfs and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in imalexbfs. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.

This Privacy Policy describes how PrivGPT in imalexbfs.ml collects, uses, and protects your personal information when you use our website and services. By using our website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

## Information we collect

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.

When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, email address.

## How we use your information

We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:

- Provide, operate, and maintain our website
- Improve, personalize, and expand our website
- Understand and analyze how you use our website
- Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
- Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
- Send you emails
- Find and prevent fraud

## Log Files

imalexbfs follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.

## Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.

- **Google**: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads

## Third Party Privacy Policies

imalexbfs's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics data is retained for a period of 2 months.

## User Data Collection Acknowledgement

By using our website and services, you acknowledge that your data may be collected and processed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

## What kind of personal information does PrivGPT collect from users?

PrivGPT uses @vercel/analytics (free) and Google Analytics to analyze traffic. The information collected includes your browser name, referrer, country, and operating system. Additionally, we may collect information about your chats with any AI, but this data is saved on your device and you're the only one that can read that data. Google Analytics helps us understand how users interact with our website and enables us to improve the user experience. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit [https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).

*Data Retention:* The information collected through Google Analytics is retained for a period of 2 months.

## How does PrivGPT use the personal information it collects?

The personal information collected through analytics is mainly used to improve how our website and services function per browser, operating system, and other factors.

## Does PrivGPT share personal information with third parties? If so, who?

When you send text to any AI, the information will be shared with the corresponding AI maintainer. For example, text sent to gpt-4 goes to OpenAI, Bard to Google, and gpt-4-poe to Poe. There may be more models, and this information is only used to generate a chat response for you.

## How does PrivGPT protect the security of personal information?

PrivGPT takes your privacy seriously. We save chats on your device and do not share any information without your permission. For example, there's a share button in conversations for you to use if you wish.

No account is required to use PrivGPT or in most imalexbfs.ml pages/subdomains.

Third parties might save the information for a limited time, but since you're using PrivGPT, the information won't be related to you, making it impossible for them to know your identity.

## What are users' rights with respect to their personal information?

You have the right to erase cookies, effectively making it as if you never used the website.

## CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access - You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification - You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure - You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability - You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

imalexbfs does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

## How can users contact PrivGPT with questions or concerns about privacy?

If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Email: privacypolicy@imalexbfs.ml
